Add installation requirements for use of the default handler (#113)
laminas/laminas-validator: docs/book/validators/uri.md

and/or relative URIs. There is the possibility to exchange the handler for
another one in case the parsing of the uri should be done differently.

> <!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD001 -->
> > ### Installation Requirements
> >
> > The default handler depends on [laminas-uri](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-uri/) to validate the URI.
> > To install the component, run the following command.
> >
> > ```bash
> > composer require laminas/laminas-uri
> > ```
> 

Reviewer: We can use an admonition / call-out to highlight the requirements:

```suggestion
> MISSING: **Installation Requirements**
> The default handler depends on [laminas-uri](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-uri/) to parse the URI, so be sure to have it installed before getting started:
>
> ```bash
> composer require laminas/laminas-uri
> ```

```

This [adds some colour](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-i18n/view-helpers/introduction/#introduction) and omits the wrong HTML element `blockquote` for this kind of message.
